gh-117114: Add `isdevdrive` to `posixpath` (#117115)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2024-03-21-09-57-57.gh-issue-117114.Qu-p55.rst

> Added posix implementation for isdevdrive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added POSIX implementation for :func:`os.path.isdevdrive`.
```

> Added POSIX implementation for :func:`os.path.isdevdrive`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Make :func:`os.path.isdevdrive` available on all platforms. For those that do not offer Dev Drives, it will always return ``False``.
```
